fix(ktable): hide pagination based on row numbers (#673)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/table.md

Set this to `true` to remove the pagination bar when using a fetcher.

### hidePaginationWhenOptional

> Set this to `true` to remove the pagination bar. For cases, when the table record in Konnect is less than or equal to 15.

Reviewer: Rewording since we don't want to mention Konnect in the docs.

Also removing `15` as the logic appears to hide the pagination if less than the page count (@aanchalm01 assuming this is correct?)

```suggestion
Set this to `true` to hide the pagination UI when the table record count is less than or equal to the page size.
```

Author: I am confirming about the record number.

Author: Done!

> Set this to `true` to remove the pagination bar. For cases, when the table record in Konnect is less than or equal to 15.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set this to `true` to remove the pagination bar when the table record count is less than or equal to the `pageSize`.
```
